Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

The class I created represents a Bird and the actions that the Bird can take. The bird exists on a grid world, where there can only be direction in north/south/east/west along the x and y axees and height is not considered. Also, the ArrayList methodHistory keeps a history of the methods that have been implemented, acting as stack behavior. This method doesn't actually undo the effects of the previously implemented method, but rather just removes the method from methodHistory. I decided to make a bird because when I looked at the interface, I recognized that birds could accomplish many of these actions, and I thought there were some interesting ways to combine these methods that could produce some uniquely bird behavior.

I implemented the additional methods buildNest() and feedChicks(). I thought that these were some interesting behaviors that are unique to birds, and I wanted to combine other methods in the class in a specific and set order to accomplish a defined task. buildNest creates a nest at the origin by instructing birds to fly and grab sticks, fly back, use the sticks, and repeat. feedChicks first checks if the bird has a nest, and then feeds young by instructing birds to fly and grab a worm, fly back to the nest, and use the worm. Both of these methods implement a variety of the methods within the class to perform these behaviors, and they also utilize undo() so that only feedChicks() and buildNest() would appear in the memory stack without including all of their component methods as well.

Since this assignment was so open and there were so many possible pathways, I was overwhelmed at first because I didn't know where to begin. I found it helpful to decide on a class first, and then look at each of the methods and jot down how I thought it would make sense within the world I was creating for these methods to be utilized within the class. Once I had this outlined, I was not only able to write psuedocode and then actual code for my methods, but I was also able to outline and create new methods that used the methods from the interface. I would recommend that others also take a stepwise and methodical approach when approaching an open-ended assignment where they have to come up with their own ideas and write a lot of code from scratch, because it makes the project more manageable and less intimidating
